- I'm pretty sure I left you at the bar...
- Oh yep! That's right...
- And then I didn't see you for the rest of the night!
- Dude, I feel like we barely made it outta there alive...
- You were those guys...
- Well dude, he wouldn't let us go!
He just kept us all there! I think he, like, bought out the entire bar!
- Seriously?
- But he tipped the bartender, like, 20 bucks so...
(Both laugh)
- Some things never change...
- Seriously...
- But wasn't it great to see everyone again? Like, that's why I love weddings. They're like mini reunions.
- I think the last time we were all together was that big trip to Costa Rica
- Oh my gosh! You're right! That was seven years ago... SEVEN YEARS.
Man I don't know why I lost touch with most of them.
- Well, I think life just takes people in different directions.
- Yeah.
But...
You and I stayed friends.
- Yeah...
- Ahh... this is a good one of all of us
Whoa! What is going on here? Brandon is ALL over you!
- Yeah...
- What...
- He definitely took advantage of the open bar.
Got super drunk... and weird.
- Weird? How so?
- Ugh... Well...
Just before we left, he pulled me to the side and he told me he liked me...?
- And I'm guessing that's not what you wanted to hear.
- I mean... I'm flattered?
- (Laughs)
- He's sweet...
- Right...
- But... it's a bit more complicated than that...
- (Laughs cynically)
Yeah... Especially at our age right? And everything we've been through?
You can't just tell someone I like you.
(Both chuckle knowingly)
- Remember when 'I like you' was enough?
- 'I like you' was all you wanted to hear from someone.
- I do.
- I mean, I can clearly recall the first time I heard those words from the girl that I liked.
- For the first time it was mutual. And of all the people in our town, she chose me.
- It was the most incredible feeling in the world. 'I like you' was enough.
- When was this?
- Last week.
(Both laugh)
Just kidding!
- No, it was high school. She became my first girlfriend.
- She became my first love.
- (Coos adoringly)
'I like you' became 'I love you'.
- (Chuckles) Yeah...
- (Takes a deep breath and sighs)
- Remember when...
- ...'I love you' was enough?
- Yeah...
- 'I love you' was the epitome of your feelings for someone
It meant you two were no longer kids.
That you found... 'The One'.
You were done.
(Chuckles)
That's it.
- It was...
- ...enough.
- Yeah.
- But that was before ex-boyfriends
- Before ex-girlfriends.
- Before...
Her disapproving parents.
Before that little bad habits grew into the most annoying thing ever.
Before pretending to like golf.
Before wishing he'd enjoy dancing
...and sitting through musicals just to make her happy.
It was enough before she took the job overseas.
And long distance revealed our weaknesses.
This was before he gave up...
...on himself.
Before you realised you were never going to convert.
This was before he was ready for marriage and kids...
...And you weren't.
'I love you' was enough before other 'I love you's.
And before he said... 'I thought I loved you'.
This was before he cheated.
And before your own thoughts strayed to someone else.
It was enough before we were hurt so deeply...
And before we hurt others so selfishly.
'I love you' was enough...
...until you found out...
...it wasn't.
(Sighs deeply)
- Hey!
Where are you going? What's up?
- (Scoffs)
- Is that what you really believe?
- I'm just saying love isn't as simple as we once thought it was... I mean that's true, right?
- (Scoffs again)
You know always kept a little hope with you...
...but you're so far gone.
(Sighs sadly)
Probably doesn't even matter if I tell you.
- What're you talking about?
- (Laughs and sighs)
- You wanna know why I told Brandon things were so complicated?
- I like you.
I might even love you.
But you're right.
It's just words.
A statement.
It's not enough and it won't ever be if you think that's all you'll need.
What makes it enough...
What makes it 'The One'...
...is Choice.
Constantly choosing to love.
So what're you going to choose?
- ...